# Car Wiper Control System
# Abstract
A windscreen wiper, sometimes known as a windshield wiper or wiper blade in American English, is a device that cleans the front window of a car of rain, snow, ice, washer fluid, water, and/or debris. Almost all motor vehicles, including automobiles, trucks, buses, train locomotives, and cabin watercraft—as well as some aircraft—have one or more of these wipers, which are usually required by law.A wiper is made up of a metal arm with one end pivoting and the other end having a long rubber blade attached. A motor, usually an electric motor, drives the arm, however pneumatic power is also utilised in some vehicles. The blade is swung back and forth across the glass, removing any water, any precipitation, or other obstructions to view. Speed is usually changeable on vehicles built after 1969, with various continuous speeds and often one or more interrupted settings. Many commercial cars employ one or more pantograph arms, while most personal autos use two synchronised radial-type arms.

A windscreen washer system is also used on some vehicles to improve and broaden the wiper(s) function to dry or icy conditions. Several well-placed nozzles spray water or antifreeze window washer fluid at the windscreen with this method. When utilised in conjunction with the wiper blades, this mechanism aids in the removal of dirt and dust from the windscreen.In this project I explain about how wiper works based on stm32, an ARM based Microcontroller

The Car Wiper System is an essential component that used to wipe raindrops or any water from the vehicle’s windscreen. The process of pulling up the wiper is difficult to be handled. Thus, this system is proposed to solve these problems. The objectives of this project are to upgrade the older cars system by providing automatic wiping system, to improve the system by using sensor with actuator and to design a basic program that will fully operate with the system. The concept of this proposed wiper system is similar with other existing conventional wiper. In spite of removing water from windscreen, this system also will be upgraded to an automatic control system by using STM32 Microcontroller,water sensor,LED's ,Switch and timer and . As the conclusion for the project, the results shows all the aim objectives are successfully achieved. The wiper system was well functionally according the water condition from the outside of a car. 


